README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hello World, I'm Rohith G</h1>
<h3 align="center">A CSE Student from India</h3>

## About Me
- I'm currently a **Computer Science Engineering** student.
- I'm learning and exploring new technologies.
- I have completed the **Meta Front-End Developer Professional Certificate**.

Feel free to explore my repositories and code snippets to get an idea of my coding style and the topics I'm interested in.


## Tech Stack
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Lua](https://img.shields.io/badge/lua-%232C2D72.svg?style=flat&logo=lua&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=flat&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%23563D7C.svg?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=flat&logo=SASS&logoColor=white) ![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=flat&logo=jquery&logoColor=white) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=flat&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Yarn](https://img.shields.io/badge/yarn-%232C8EBB.svg?style=flat&logo=yarn&logoColor=white) ![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?style=flat&logo=webpack&logoColor=black) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Cloud-%234285F4.svg?style=flat&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=flat&logo=heroku&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=flat&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-%230167ff.svg?style=flat&logo=digitalOcean&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=flat&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=flat&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=flat&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=flat&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![LINUX](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobephotoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=flat&logo=adobephotoshop&logoColor=white) ![Gimp Gnu Image Manipulation Program](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gimp-657D8B?style=flat&logo=gimp&logoColor=FFFFFF)

## Social
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rohith-g-62a00a35a/) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/ROHITHG77) [![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-%23FFA116.svg?style=flat&logo=leetcode&logoColor=white)](https://leetcode.com/u/Q99x0KBGFr/) [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%235865F2.svg?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/users/rgxprime)

## Badges

<a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/bbb672d6-6c77-4f2b-af52-26360eb7284c" target="_blank"><img width="150" src="https://images.credly.com/size/340x340/images/e91ed0b0-842b-417f-8d2f-b07535febdda/image.png"/></a>

## Contact Me

You can reach me via email at rohith.g123456@gmail.com or connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rohith-g-62a00a35a/).

Let's connect and collaborate on exciting projects!

---

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ROHITHG77/ROHITHG77/output/github-snake-dark.svg" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ROHITHG77/ROHITHG77/output/github-snake.svg" />
  <img alt="github-snake" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ROHITHG77/ROHITHG77/output/github-snake.svg" />
</picture>

Commit message:

Add Cybersecurity section and update README
Added a new section for Cybersecurity skills and badges.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hello World, I'm Rohith G</h1>
<h3 align="center">A CSE Student from India</h3>

## About Me
- I'm currently a **Computer Science Engineering** student.
- I'm learning and exploring new technologies.
- I have completed the **Meta Front-End Developer Professional Certificate**.
- I have completed the **Ethical Hacking with Kali Linux** course by **IBM** on **Coursera**.

Feel free to explore my repositories and code snippets to get an idea of my coding style and the topics I'm interested in.


## Tech Stack
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Lua](https://img.shields.io/badge/lua-%232C2D72.svg?style=flat&logo=lua&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=flat&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%23563D7C.svg?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=flat&logo=SASS&logoColor=white) ![jQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/jquery-%230769AD.svg?style=flat&logo=jquery&logoColor=white) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=flat&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Yarn](https://img.shields.io/badge/yarn-%232C8EBB.svg?style=flat&logo=yarn&logoColor=white) ![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?style=flat&logo=webpack&logoColor=black) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Cloud-%234285F4.svg?style=flat&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=flat&logo=heroku&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=flat&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-%230167ff.svg?style=flat&logo=digitalOcean&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300f.svg?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=flat&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=flat&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=flat&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=flat&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![LINUX](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobephotoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=flat&logo=adobephotoshop&logoColor=white) ![Gimp Gnu Image Manipulation Program](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gimp-657D8B?style=flat&logo=gimp&logoColor=FFFFFF)

### Cybersecurity
![Kali Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kali%20Linux-268BEE?style=flat&logo=kalilinux&logoColor=white) ![Wireshark](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wireshark-1679A7?style=flat&logo=wireshark&logoColor=white) ![Metasploit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Metasploit-2596CD?style=flat&logo=metasploit&logoColor=white) ![Nmap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nmap-004170?style=flat&logo=nmap&logoColor=white) ![Burp Suite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Burp%20Suite-FF6633?style=flat&logo=burpsuite&logoColor=white)

## Social
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rohith-g-62a00a35a/) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/ROHITHG77) [![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-%23FFA116.svg?style=flat&logo=leetcode&logoColor=white)](https://leetcode.com/u/Q99x0KBGFr/) [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%235865F2.svg?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/users/rgxprime)

## Badges

<a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/bbb672d6-6c77-4f2b-af52-26360eb7284c" target="_blank"><img width="150" src="https://images.credly.com/size/340x340/images/e91ed0b0-842b-417f-8d2f-b07535febdda/image.png"/></a>
<a href="https://www.credly.com/badges/73469f90-76ff-4840-ae18-4d5495001f4c" target="_blank"><img width="150" src="https://images.credly.com/size/340x340/images/a5b4a85e-9d3f-4bdf-b2b8-7d38f3f4c5b2/image.png"/></a>

## Contact Me

You can reach me via email at rohith.g123456@gmail.com or connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rohith-g-62a00a35a/).

Let's connect and collaborate on exciting projects!

---

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ROHITHG77/ROHITHG77/output/github-snake-dark.svg" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ROHITHG77/ROHITHG77/output/github-snake.svg" />
  <img alt="github-snake" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ROHITHG77/ROHITHG77/output/github-snake.svg" />
</picture>
